BookA-Pset_GeoObsDiscontinuityFault (#600)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/d/DeformationPhase_34v8HVl7D5$hjlWFWQDfkK/Documentation.md

> Name or label for a geologic event such as a basin formation, compressionla texctonic phase, orogeny etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name or label for a geologic event such as a basin formation, compressional tectonic phase, orogeny etc.
```
